

A professional athlete who specializes in running the 100 meters and 200 meters sprint races, takes part in a number of championship events in a year. This athlete would like a web application developed so that he can keep track of his times in these championship events. This web application should be able to allow the athlete to do the following:

    View, add, edit, or delete the time entries in the web application;

    Display the various time entries in graphs;

    Calculate the median time in the data entries.

Project Requirements

    You can make use of any CSS library such as bootstrap, semantic, foundation, etc. However, this is completely optional and will not translate to a higher score just because you used one.

    You can make use of any Graphing or Charting libraries to draw your graphs.

    You must NOT use any front-end JavaScript frameworks (eg. React, Angular, etc). Please ask if you are not sure.

    The back-end of the web application MUST be implemented using NODE.js. You can also make use of additional node packages such as Express, Handlebars, EJS, etc.

    Parts of your web application MUST make use of web services.

    The data for this web application MUST be stored in a JSON file.

    The project must be uploaded on Blackboard by the 2nd of December 2022.

Project Penalties

Any two or more projects that are semantically the same will attract a very heavy penalty. The penalty will be applied equally to all the offending projects.
How to Package your Work

    Create a folder and name it the name of your group. For example, group01, group02, etc.

    Add your project folder inside your group folder.

    Zip your group folder.

    Upload the zipped file created to Blackboard. (The file will have either a .rar or .zip extension).

    Only one group member should submit the work.

Mark Distribution

Aesthetic User Interface ………………………. 5 marks

Ease of Use ……………………………………. 5 marks

Working Functionality ………………………... 10 marks

Clean & Thoughtful Code …………………….. 5 marks

Total Marks …………………………………… 25 marks
